well this isn't opening night from from
the large and luxurious Howard Gilman
Opera House at the Brooklyn Academy of
Music we are in Brooklyn again we are
time here at BAM this is our second home
this is my mar-a-lago in a way and and
of course no visit to Brooklyn for us
would be complete without everyone's
favorite security guard Guillermo say
hello to Guillermo everybody
[Applause]
here moment you what are you supposed to
be stopped then Islands Perry Jimmy
ferry alright well I hope you wear that
out tonight I will for sure you've been
here since Thursday night right
Friday night since Friday night what is
the best thing you've eaten since you
got here to Brooklyn Wow I I think
everyone in your hands still up in the
air
works we're excited to have you thanks
for watching and remember every time you
click the subscribe button one of your
enemies gets destroyed